docs: update changelog and docs (#214)
eduNEXT/eox-tenant: CHANGELOG.md

## [v11.7.0](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant/compare/v11.6.0...v11.7.0) - (2024-06-19)

### Added

> - **Integration Tests**: A new GitHub workflow was added to run the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Integration Tests**:  A new GitHub workflow has been added to run integration tests. Integration tests have been included to validate backend imports and to ensure the /eox-info endpoint works correctly.
```

>   integration tests. Integration test has been included to validate backend

Reviewer: @BryanttV, I’m not sure if just saying "Integration test has been included ..." makes a lot of sense. How about adding "An" to the beginning? For example: "An integration test has been included ..."

Alternatively, we could say:
"A new GitHub workflow has been added to run integration tests. These tests validate backend imports and ensure the `/eox-info` endpoint functions correctly."

Author: Thank you, I took your suggestion
